Login Server Specification v1.0
-------------------------------

    Request
    -------
        Format
        ------
The format of the parameters passed to the login portion of the Icarrus server must be in the form of a standard HTTP POST request.

        Parameters
        ----------
username    --  Required parameter. Will contain the username of the user attempting to login to the server.
password    --  Required parameter. Will contain the password used to authenticate the user.
file(s)     --  Optional parameter. Files being sent to the server as part of a one-time login/upload transaction. This parameter is to facilitate the user of a possible shell extension upload mechanism
                where a user would be allowed to right click a file in the OS's file explorer system and select an option to upload to the server with a giver username/password set. This parameter is only
                theoretical at the moment and is not currently supported by any Icarrus server implementation.

    Reponse
    -------
        Format
        ------
To allow for the expansion of parameters while maintaining backwards compatibility, the Icarrus server's generic response schema is as follows:
    A) All lines containing parameters must start with a tilde '~' and the name of the parameter followed by a colon
    B) The value of the parameter is to immediately follow the colon.
    C) The value segment is to be terminated by a single newline character '\n'
    D) Whitespace is not allowed prior to the instance of the colon and the first character in the value segment may not be whitespace.
    E) To maintain backwards compatibility, any unknown parameter or line that does not start with the identifying tilde '~' is to be ignored and treated as if it were not there.
    F) Invalid characters inside of a parameter's value string include: colon ':',

        Parameters
        ----------
status      --  Required parameter. A string containing the status of the login transaction. Acceptable values will either be "valid" or "invalid" where "valid" is a successful login to the server and "invalid" indicates some
                problem with either the username, password, or error on the server's part that caused the login to not be valid.
token       --  Optional parameter. A string that is the unique identifier for the next allowable transaction with the file upload functionality of the Icarrus server. A valid token will be granted upon:
                    A) A successful login
                    B) A successful file upload
                    C) An invalid file upload where the cause of failure was not an invalid token
                If an invalid token is passed to the server the user will be forced to manually generate a new token. This system is used to deter the use of multiple user's using the same account at a given
                time.
error       --  Optional parameter. A string describing the reason the server returned an "invalid" status for a login. This is used in the logging to aid as a source of reference for solutions to problems
                users may have with the Icarrus platform.
